Update for stable (#325)
flarum/docs: docs/extend/update-1.0.md

::: tip

If you need help applying these changes or using new features, please start a discussion on the [community forum](https://discuss.flarum.org/t/extensibility) or [Discord chat](https://flarum.org/discord/).

:::

## Full Stack

### Translations and transChoice

#### Background

Historically, Flarum has used Symfony for backend translations, and a port for frontend translations to keep format consistent. There are a few limitations to this approach though:

- Developers need to decide between using `trans` or `transChoice` for pluralization
- The pluralization format is proprietary to Symfony
- We have to maintain the JS port ourselves
- Keys for values provided to backend translations need to be wrapped in curly braces. (e.g. `$this->translator->trans('some.translation', ['{username}' => 'Some Username!'])`).
- There's no support for complex applications (nested pluralization, non-number-based selection)
- As a result of the previous point, genderization is impossible. And that's kinda important for a lot of languages.

### New System

> In v5, Symfony dropped their proprietary `transChoice` system in favor of the more-or-less standard [ICU MessageFormat](https://symfony.com/doc/current/translation/message_format.html). This solves pretty much every single one of the aforementioned issues. In this release, Flarum will be fully switching to ICU MessageFormat as well. What does this mean for extensions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v5, Symfony dropped their proprietary `transChoice` system in favor of the more-or-less standard [ICU MessageFormat](https://symfony.com/doc/5.2/translation/message_format.html). This solves pretty much every single one of the aforementioned issues. In this release, Flarum will be fully switching to ICU MessageFormat as well. What does this mean for extensions?
```

> - `transChoice` should not be used at all; instead, the variable passed for pluralization should be included in the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `transChoice` should not be used at all; instead, the variable passed for pluralization should be included in the data.
```

- Keys for backend translations no longer need to be surrounded by curly braces.

> - Translations can now use the [`select` and `plural`](https://symfony.com/doc/current/translation/message_format.html) formatter syntaxes. For the `plural` formatter, the `offset` parameter and `#` magic variables are supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Translations can now use the [`select` and `plural`](https://symfony.com/doc/5.2/translation/message_format.html) formatter syntaxes. For the `plural` formatter, the `offset` parameter and `#` magic variables are supported
```
